fix: Change interaction handler sample code (#769)
discordjs/guide: guide/command-handling/README.md

> client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {

Reviewer: The line above should be 
```
```js {4-13}
```

Author: Alright will fix

	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

> 	let command = client.commands.get(interaction.commandName);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	const command = client.commands.get(interaction.commandName);
```
Use `const` since `command` isn't being re-assigned.

Author: Alright

## Dynamically executing commands

You can use your `client.commands` Collection setup to retrieve and execute your commands! Inside your `interactionCreate` event, delete your `if`/`else if` chain of commands and replace it with this:

```js {4-13}
client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	const command = client.commands.get(interaction.commandName);

	if (!command) return;

	try {
		await command.execute(interaction);
	} catch (error) {
		console.error(error);
		await interaction.reply({ content: 'There was an error while executing this command!', ephemeral: true });
	}
});
```

First, fetch the command in the Collection with that name and assign it to the variable `command`. If the command doesn't exist, it will return `undefined` and you exit early with `return`. If it does exist, call the command's `.execute()` method, and pass in your `interaction` variable as its argument. In case something goes wrong, log the error and report back to the member to let them know.

> And that's it! Whenever you want to add a new command, you [register a command](/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md), make a new file in your `commands` directory, name it with what you did for the Slash Command, and then do what you did for the other commands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And that's it! Whenever you want to add a new command, you [register a command](/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md), make a new file in your `commands` directory, name it the same as the slash command, and then do what you did for the other commands.
```
